docs: change references slack (#5101)
recognai/rubrix: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Need some help?

> We understand that getting started might be scary and difficult, therefore, you can join our discord channel [#argilla-general](https://discord.gg/hugging-face-879548962464493619) by selecting *Argilla* in *Channels and Roles*.

Reviewer: I would avoid using the word "scary" 
```suggestion
We understand that getting started might be a bit difficult, therefore, you can join our discord channel [#argilla-general](https://discord.gg/hugging-face-879548962464493619) by selecting *Argilla* in *Channels and Roles* after joining the Discord.
```
